README.md, before:

# Redundancy Resolution
This repository shows basic example of redundancy resolution. At this point, we only show planar 2D robots, but generalization to spatial 3D robots can be immediately conducted.


# Installation
We assume the usage of (1) macOS, (2) `python3`, (3) [Visual Studio Code (VSCode)](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with Python Extension, and (4) `virtualevnv` package.
By setting the current directory as the same as [requirements.txt](requirements.txt), run:
```
    python3 -m venv .venv 
```
By setting the virtual enviroment's name as `.venv`, VScode will automatically recognize the `venv` package and will activate the virtual environment. 
Once you have done this and open the terminal window *inside* VSCode, there will be `(.venv)` added in front of your command line. If it fails to automatically activate the virtual environment, run:
```
    source .venv/bin/activate
```
Now you are ready to run `pip`: 
```
    pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
This will download all the necessary packages needed to run the code.
Once the python packages are installed without any problem, we need to check whether the installations are done properly. We move inside the [mujocoSim/controller](mujocoSim/) directory and run the code:
```
    cd ./mujocoSim/controller
    python3 ./ex_joint_imp.py
```
And you should see a 2-DOF planar robot with a first-order joint-space impedance controller.

Commit message:

Added notes to deal with errors
Note 1 to deal with vscode not recognizing .venv automatically
Note 2 to deal with incompatible python version

README.md, after:

# Redundancy Resolution
This repository shows basic example of redundancy resolution. At this point, we only show planar 2D robots, but generalization to spatial 3D robots can be immediately conducted.


# Installation
We assume the usage of (1) macOS, (2) `python3`, (3) [Visual Studio Code (VSCode)](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with Python Extension, and (4) `virtualevnv` package.
By setting the current directory as the same as [requirements.txt](requirements.txt), run:
```
    python3 -m venv .venv 
```
By setting the virtual enviroment's name as `.venv`, VScode will automatically recognize the `venv` package and will activate the virtual environment. 
Once you have done this and open the terminal window *inside* VSCode, there will be `(.venv)` added in front of your command line. 
Now you are ready to run `pip`: 
```
    pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
This will download all the necessary packages needed to run the code.
Once the python packages are installed without any problem, we need to check whether the installations are done properly. We move inside the [mujocoSim/controller](mujocoSim/) directory and run the code:
```
    cd ./mujocoSim/controller
    python3 ./ex_joint_imp.py
```
And you should see a 2-DOF planar robot with a first-order joint-space impedance controller.

NOTE1]
If VSCODE fails to automatically activate the virtual environment, run:
```
    source .venv/bin/activate
```
NOTE2]
If it fails to install list of packages in requirement.txt, and if you see error relevant to Python version, check whether your python3 version is compatible. If not, remove and recreate the virtual environment with right python version.
